update docs for org-scoped API keys (#339)
langchain-ai/docs: src/snippets/trace-with-anthropic.mdx

Additionally, you will need to set the `LANGSMITH_API_KEY` environment variable to your API key (see [Setup](/) for more information).

> For LangSmith API keys scoped to more than one workspace, set the `LANGSMITH_WORKSPACE_ID` environment variable to a workspace of your choosing to specify what workspace is being used.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your LangSmith API key is linked to multiple workspaces, set the `LANGSMITH_WORKSPACE_ID` environment variable to specify which workspace to use.

```

OK?
